---
title: "Details"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---

## Registration FAQ 

* **What are the pre-requisites?**

   _From the original course_: Machine Learning or equivalent is a prerequisite for the course. This course will assume some familiarity with reinforcement learning, numerical optimization, and machine learning. For introductory material on RL and MDPs, see the CS188 EdX course, starting with Markov Decision Processes I, as well as Chapters 3 and 4 of Sutton &amp; Barto.

   _For our NUS course iteration_, there are no formal prerequisites for the course.  As with many machine learning courses, it would be useful to have basic understanding of linear algebra, machine learning, and probability and statistics.  Taking online, open courses on these subjects concurrently or before the course is definitely advisable, if you do not have to requisite understanding.  You might try to follow the preflight video lectures, and if these are understandable to you, then you're all good.

* **Is the course chargeable?** **No,** the course is not chargeable.  It is free (as in no-fee).  NUS allows us to teach this course for free, as it is not "taught", _per se_.  Students in the class take charge of the lectures, and complete a project, while the teaching staff facilitates the experience.

* **Can I get course credit for taking this?** **Yes,** if you are a first-year School of Computing doctoral student.  In this case you need to formally enroll in the course as CS6101, And you will receive one half of the 4-MC pass/fail credit that you would receive for the course, which is a lab rotation course.  Even though the left rotation is only for half the semester, such students are encouraged and welcome to complete the entire course.

   **No,**  for everyone else.  By this we mean that no credits, certificate, or any other formal documentation for completing the course will be given to any other participants, inclusive of external registrants and NUS students (both internal and external to the School of Computing).  Such participants get the experience of learning deep learning together in a formal study group in developing the camaraderie and network from fellow peer students and the teaching staff.

* **What are the requirements for completing the course?** Each student must achieve 2 objectives  to be deemed to have completed the course:
  * Work with peers to assist in teaching two lecture sessions of the course: One lecture by co-lecturing the subject from new slides that you have prepared a team; and another lecture as a scribe: moderating the Slack channel to add materials for discussion and taking public class notes.  All lecture materials by co-lecturers and scribes will be made public.
  * Complete a deep reinforcement learning project. For the project, you only need to use any deep learning framework to execute a problem against a data set.  You may choose to replicate previous work from others in scientific papers or data science challenges. Or more challengingly, you may decide to use data from your own context.

* **How do external participants take this course?** You may come to
    NUS to participate in the lecture concurrently with all of our
    local participants.  You are also welcome to participate online
    through Google Hangouts.  We typically have a synchronous
    broadcast to Google Hangouts that is streamed and archived to
    YouTube.  

    During the session where you're responsible for co-lecturing, you
    will be expected to come to the class in person.

    As an external participant, you **are** obligated to complete the
    course to best your ability.  We do not encourage students who are
    not committed to completing the course to enrol.  

## Meeting Venue and Time

For both Sessions (I and II): 15:00-17:00, Thursdays at Meeting Room 6 (AS6 #05-10)

For directions to NUS School of Computing (SoC) and COM1: please read [the directions here](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/maps/getting-here/), to park in CP13 and/or take the bus to SoC. and use [the floorplan](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/images/resources/content/mapsvenues/AS6_L5.jpg)

## People

Welcome. If you are an external visitor and would like to join us, please email Kan Min-Yen to be added to the class role. Guests from industry, schools and other far-reaching places in SG welcome, pending space and time logistic limitations. The more, the merrier.

External guests will be listed here in due course once the course has started. Please refer to our Slack after you have been invited for the most up-to-date information.

**NUS (Postgraduate)**: Session I (Weeks 3-7):

**NUS (Postgraduate)**: Session II (Weeks 8-13):

**NUS (Undergraduate, Cross-Faculty and Alumni)**: 

**[WING](http://wing.comp.nus.edu.sg)**:
[Kan Min-Yen](http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~kanmy/)

**Guests**:
